NAME
  txt2latex - convert flat ASCII text to LaTeX.

SYNOPSIS
  txt2latex [OPTIONS]... FILE 

DESCRIPTION
  txt2latex converts the input text into LaTeX. The conversion procedure
  is strongly inspired by txt2man.

  txt2latex is also able to recognize and format sections, paragraphs,
  lists (standard, numbered, description, nested), literal display blocks.

  If input file FILE is omitted, standard input is used. 
  Result is displayed on standard output. 

  Here is how text patterns are recognized and processed:
  Sections    These headers are defined by a line in upper case, starting
              column 1. If there is one or more leading spaces, a
              sub-section will be generated instead. Optionally, the
              Section name can be preceded by a blank line. This is useful
              for a better visualization of the source text to be used to
              generate the LaTeX source code.
  Paragraphs  They must be separated by a blank line, and left aligned.
              Alternatively two blank spaces can be used to produce the
              same result. This option will provide a better visualization
              of the source text to be used to generate the LaTeX source code.
  Description list
              The item definition is separated from the item description
              by at least 2 blank spaces, even before a new line, if
              definition is too long. Definition will be emphasized
              by default.
  Bullet list  
              Bullet list items are defined by the first word being "-"
              or "*" or "o".
  Enumerated list  
              The first word must be a number followed by a dot.
  Literal display blocks  
              This paragraph type is used to display unmodified text,
              for example source code. It must be separated by a blank
              line and be indented by a TAB. It is primarily used to format
              unmodified source code. It will be printed using fixed font
              using verbatim environment.

OPTIONS
  --version, -v   Display version.
  --verbose, -V   Increase verbosity.
  --help, -h      Display help.

SEE ALSO
  txt2man(1)
